Update pgd-settings.mdx (#6086)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/pgd-settings.mdx

for the table is `FULL`, either by table-specific configuration or by
`bdr.default_replica_identity`.

> If `bdr.default_replica_identity` is `default` and there is an `UNIQUE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `bdr.default_replica_identity` is `default` and there is a `UNIQUE`
```

> If `bdr.default_replica_identity` is `default` and there is an `UNIQUE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `bdr.default_replica_identity` is `default` and there is a `UNIQUE`
```

> constraint present on the table, it isn't automatically picked up as `REPLICA IDENTITY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constraint included in the table definition, it won't be automatically picked up as `REPLICA IDENTITY`.
```

> You need to set it explicitly when creating the table or after, as described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to set the `REPLICA IDENTITY` explicitly using `ALTER TABLE ... REPLICA IDENTITY ...`
```

for the table is `FULL`, either by table-specific configuration or by
`bdr.default_replica_identity`.

If `bdr.default_replica_identity` is `default` and there is a `UNIQUE`
constraint included in the table definition, it won't be automatically picked up as `REPLICA IDENTITY`.
You need to set the `REPLICA IDENTITY` explicitly using `ALTER TABLE ... REPLICA IDENTITY ...`.

> previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
